Private props standardization - modifiers (#2583)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/violet-suns-scream.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": patch
---

> Aligned private properties of internal modifiers to follow a standardized notation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aligned private properties of the HDS modifiers to follow a standardized notation
```
The tooltip one isn't private, we provide docs on how to use it: https://helios.hashicorp.design/components/tooltip?tab=code#ember-modifier
